API Generator: Fix generated API for many-to-many-relations with custom relation entity (#1967)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/cuddly-months-repeat.md

---
"@comet/cms-api": minor
---

> Api Generator: Fix generated api for many to many relations with additional fields in relation table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Generator: Fix generated API for many-to-many-relations with custom relation entity
```
